welcome to
keyboard this is the ultimate s the Das
Keyboard by NetID odd comes in four
different configurations at least at the
time of filming this video there is a
clicky version and then a less clicky
version so if you guys are familiar with
mechanical keyboards you know what
clicky is personally on the clicky guy
not everyone is some people have you
know sleeping babies nearby or annoyed
co-workers nearby and they even if they
want a clicky keyboard they can't have
one so there's that then they have the
professional and the Ultimate Edition
this one right here is the clicky
Ultimate Edition keyboard and what makes
it ultimate well you guys will find out
shortly because there are quite a few
things about this keyboard that I
personally think make it ultimate that
are not necessarily the reason for the
name so it comes with a little cleaning
cloth
that's not very ultimate don't worry
about that it is fully compatible with
Windows Mac and Linux in fact you can
even buy little key set kits that will
change your windows keys over to option
keys if you want one let's see what meta
dot has to say for themselves on the
back and the keys are on the back of the
keyboard on the back of the box here and
mechanical key switches from maximum
speed and comfort this is true in fact
if you go to the - keyboard website they
have a cool little typing test where you
can compete and race with people in real
time and people are on there all the
time
I actually wasted like two hours on it
one night when I was like oh this is
neat so it just automatically starts a
new race and grabs whoever's like like
on there and then you just race against
each other and it records your average
words per minute and all of that cool
stuff so um I tested that with the
mechanical keyboard not one of these
this is my first ask keyboard although
I've played with them before I was
testing it on mechanical keyboard versus
a Logitech G 15 so you know a good
membrane keyboard and what I found for
myself was I was about 15% faster with a
mechanical keyboard my wife who has long
pianist fingers was about 20% faster on
her mechanical keyboard which is not
even a great typing keyboard I'm not
going to name any names but it was
mechanical she
she was about 20% faster than she was on
a membrane keyboard so yes it is faster
and it is more comfortable this is not
open for debate
uses the most advanced german-engineered
gold-plated and slightly kick clicking
mechanical key switches a double in the
industry full and key rollover means
even if you type with your face you
won't accidentally press anything and it
will register every keystroke avoiding
key jamming I think that was more of a
problem on typewriters however it is
still valid on keyboards because it can
you can ruin these issues on poorly made
and poorly designed keyboards with that
great multi-purpose keyboard for fast
typist and gamers alike and just general
elitists for this particular one and
I'll explain why high speed USB 2.0 hub
very cool extra long cable got it
ok got all that got all that and that's
what Daniel Graham where Graham you okay
Daniel if you type eight hours a day it
might be as well be on the best
available keyboard I initially created
this uncompromising keyboard for myself
and now I'm excited to share with you
what makes the ultimate no way no key
labels whatsoever so unless you are
elite typist you cannot use this
keyboard that's right it has a built-in
exclusion of people who aren't as good
at typing as you are factor built right
into it no one can sit down at your
computer and use it unless they prefer
on the keyboard awesome
alright so build quality yes most
mechanical keyboards because they are
intended to be sold at a higher price
are built just playing better than most
membrane keyboards this has always been
true no this is not a model M however
this is pretty much as good as it's
gonna get today in terms of the layout
uh-huh okay so you can see we've got a
pretty standard layout you got your
skate key your function keys
you've got your Tildy your numbers your
backspace your enter your shift your
other shift everything is correctly laid
out as your windows keys and there are
no sort of extra things thrown in
short backspace short shift personally I
find this to be the ideal keyboard
layout you've got a couple keys that are
slightly different from the other ones
there's your dots for your home row so I
mean you probably type without looking
at your keyboard anyway if you're
getting one of these but you know
that'll tell people find your palm row
you've also got a dot in the middle on
the five of the number pad so that you
will also be able to find your home
position on the number pad itself now
why does it the cleaning cloth because
it does have a velocity surface so not
everyone's the biggest fan in the world
of glossy but it does make it look quite
nice you know what let me go find a key
cap remover and I will take off one of
the caps and show you guys the
mechanical switches so we removed one of
the key caps actually one of the things
I like about this keyboard versus one of
the other mechanical keyboards that I
have is that the keys are a little bit
difficult to remove so one of the ones I
have keys will actually pop off while
you're typing sometimes yeah that's on
the the ones my wife uses sorry guys I'm
just talking to slick so yeah that's
sort of inconvenient in fact once I was
cleaning her keyboard and I was like
vacuuming it to get the dust out from in
between the keys I vacuumed up a key
which wouldn't even have been that bad
if I'd been using like a portable vac
but I was using a built-in vac so I had
to go all the way down to the garage
pull the entire full reservoir off of it
and dig through like years of dead skin
cell accumulation and dog hair to find
the key so anyway long story short it's
good that the keys stay on moving right
along right blue keys so I think it is
fairly optimistic of gasps keyboard to
say that they're slightly clicky because
blue keys blue key switches are
extremely clicky and they're my favorite
because they feel so good to type on and
here we go
blue keys are whatever
blue keys are generally the preferred
key key switches of typists however
there's no reason that gamers wouldn't
also enjoy them as well personally I
don't find that the key cats make
- the difference to the gaming
experience whereas with typing it is
night and day it's night and day going
from membrane to mechanical and then
it's night and day going from any
mechanical keyboard to the one that
really suits your style the best so what
makes them clicky is the fact that they
are okay they like they reach up they
reach a threshold point here give them
really close so no noise here then you
reach a threshold that is where the key
activates and then it has some more
travel down to the base so you actually
don't even have to fully depress them in
order to type comfortably on it but if
you want to you can bottom them out as
well so if you have a neighbor who
doesn't want to listen to you typing all
the time this is not the keyboard for
you but I say get it anyway because it's
really comfortable and really awesome
and who cares what they think anyway so
thank you for checking out my unboxing
of what I personally believe is like I
said the ultimate elitist keyboard the
Das Keyboard ultimate don't forget to
subscribe - tech tips from our boxing's
reviews and other computer videos and
we've also got high quality rubber
pieces on the bottom of the keyboard
that will keep it from slipping and
going anywhere
should you decide to elevate a little
bit or should you decide to not do that
don't forget to subscribe - tech tips I
forgot to mention guys it does come with
a USB to ps2 adapter don't forget there
are two USB plugs at the end one for the
hub one for the keyboard functionality
itself